Emma: I didn’t! I would never! Toros, how could you think so little of me?

Kellan: You won’t stop lying until I make you! Kellan backhands Emma across the face and she flies across the room, hitting the opposite wall and sliding to the ground. Mara grins.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的房间——清晨——连续

Emma用手捂住脸，惊愕地注视着Kellan。

Emma: You hit me? You’ve never hit me before.

Kellan: And I’ll do it again if you don’t straighten up. Admit you stole the Harvest Tithe!

Emma站起身，目光坚定地注视着他们，同时擦去眼中的泪水。

Emma: I didn’t steal anything! It must have been Mara since it was with her belongings.

Mara: Oh no! Emma wants to get me banished so she’s framing me as a thief!

Toros用一只保护性的手臂环住了Mara的肩膀。

Toros: Don’t worry. We won’t let her get away with any more schemes. I knew humans were good liars, but I have to admit. You had me fooled, Emma. I never thought you’d sink this low. Emma gasps, Toros’s words hitting her like a slap. Kellan leans toward Emma, looking closely. A red welt is blooming on her cheek where he slapped her.

Emma倒吸一口气，Toros的话犹如一记耳光般击中了她。Kellan向Emma靠了过去，仔细打量着她——在她被他打过的脸颊上，正泛着一道红肿的痕迹。

Kellan: Is that from me? Does it hurt?

Kellan: It can’t be. The amulet we gave you prevents physical injury.

Emma: It no longer works. The amulet is powered by your love, remember? And neither of you love me anymore. Emma yanks the necklace off and holds it up to the light so the princes can see that it’s dull and cracked - broken like Emma’s heart.

Emma: It can’t protect me if the thing I need protecting from is you.

Emma将护身符扔到地上，然后用力踩了上去，将其震碎。***潜在付费墙1***

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的房间——清晨——连续

Toros望着地上破碎的护身符，神情显得失望；Kellan呼吸急促，鼻翼翕动。他们三人都穿着德里文家 族的服饰。当Toros再次抬头看向Emma时，他顿时勃然大怒——他的双手间迸发出滋滋作响的能 量。

Kellan: You're so petty, Emma! Obviously you don’t deserve our generosity!

Toros: I can’t take your drama anymore! Blue-and-white energy sizzles at Toro’s fingertips, the strength of it increasing with his anger.

Kellan: Serves you right!

Toros走出了门，双臂仍带着劲力划动；随后，Kellan也走了出去。Mara在一旁等候，向Emma投去最后一眼，眼中满是得意。Emma闭上双眼，因体力不支而无能为力。Emma（配音）我恐怕无法活下来了。我原以为还能撑上三天，但事实并非如此——我将在这里死去。她的肌肤从红润转为苍白带绿，短短数分钟内便显得病容憔悴。又有一封信透过窗户送到了她面前——琥珀色的烟雾与金色的光点沿着信件的轨迹飘来。她并未起身去接信，当信件直接落入她手中时，又一阵温暖的光点骤然绽放。她疲惫地抬眼，低头望向那封信。

内景：恩贝尔梅尔城堡——Emma的房间——黄昏

Emma: I’m not going to survive. I thought I could make it three more days, but I can’t. I’m going to die here. Her skin turns from a rosy color to pale and greenish, becoming sickly in a matter of moments. Another letter arrives through the window, amber smoke and golden sparkles following the path the letter took. She doesn’t move to catch the letter, An extra burst of warm sparkles releases when it lands directly in her hand. She lifts a tired eye to look down at the letter.

Raina: Emma, I wanted to send an update. Prince Adrian is so excited that he has already prepared your room. He even made memory flowers to decorate with. They have happy memories woven in from when you two were young together. Warmth and embers, Queen Raina. An image of a cozy, butter yellow bedroom with peach and lavender chiffon drapes surround the luxurious bed. A young man’s hand is seen carefully putting memory flowers in an arrangement on the nightstand. A burst of amber sparkles is released once the letter concludes.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的房间——清晨

Emma躺在地上，手中正握着一封打开的信件。她穿着德里文家的便服；她的脸颊因Toros释放出 的能量冲击而裂开，皮肤呈现出一种病态的青白色。她闭上双眼，痛哭起来。