Toros: Always so quick to pick a fight, Emma. What’s the issue? The energy is sparking and arcing around Emma’s hand, causing visible discomfort for her. She winces in pain as Toro’s energy sears her wrist.

Emma的手被Toros的力场牢牢锁住，最终她成功挣脱了束缚。Toros与Kellan分别站在Mara的两 侧，对Emma投以鄙夷的目光；他们三人都穿着枫冠学院的校服。

Mara: I only wanted to see it. I don’t have any memory flowers with Prince Toros and Prince Kellan. I guess I felt… left out.

Toros: Why can’t Mara look at the silly memory flower?

Emma: It isn’t a silly memory to me.

Kellan: Quit being awful, Emma. You’re an obnoxious pest.

Kellan转过身面对Mara，然后将双手搭在Mara的双肩上。

Kellan: Come on, Mara, why don’t we make you some memory flowers right now?

Mara: Really? I’m so grateful, Your Majesties. As long as Emma is okay with it, of course. I wouldn’t want to intrude.

Toros: She better be okay with it. And if she’s not, that’s her problem. You see that, Emma? Even after how you’ve treated Mara, she still wants to make sure your feelings aren’t hurt. That’s what a good person would do. Emma’s jaw drops, bewildered.

内景：枫冠学院–守护树长廊–上午–连续

Kellan从Mara手中取走了Emma的那朵花；Toros与Kellan分别站在Mara的两侧，向她倾身靠近。两位王 子同时亲吻了Mara的脸颊，摆出一个造型，而Emma则站在一旁，眉头紧锁地注视着这一切。Mara轻 笑起来，脸上露出了微笑。随后，Kellan用双手将Emma手中的那朵花变回了Mara手中的花朵——花 朵的形态与颜色随之发生变化，从白色和黄色变为深红色，最后他将这朵花递给了Mara。

Mara: I love it! Mara takes three steps over to her Living Ward Tree, placing it above the hollow where her books go so everyone can see it. Mara’s tree has tight vines covering it with sharp thorns and deep red roses. Mara, Toros, and Kellan all smile at each other as they ignore Emma. Kellan grabs another flower from Emma’s tree, about to reshape it for Mara. Emma’s eyes well with tears. She turns back to her tree. Toros and Kellan see Emma crying. Other students in the background notice as well.

Mara走到自己的守护树旁，把花放在收纳书本的凹槽上方，让所有人都能看见。她和Toros、Kellan相视一笑，三人都没有理会Emma。Kellan又从Emma的树上摘下一朵花，准备再次施法改变花的形态。树。Emma的眼中盈满泪水，她转过身，望向自己的树。Toros和Kellan看到Emma在哭泣，背景中的其他学生也注意到了这一幕。

Students: Look at the human. She’s pathetic! It’s her own fault she thought two Fae males would actually want her. Don’t you feel kind of bad for her? The princes are aware it’s causing a scene. The princes become uncomfortable, nervously looking around at the other students. Toros puts his hands toward Emma, motioning the calm down gesture.

Toros将双手伸向Emma，示意她冷静下来。

Toros: Calm down, Emma! Look, it's just a few lost memory flowers. It’s no big deal.

Emma望了望树上还剩下的花朵，随后摇了摇头，情绪愈发激动起来。她指着其中一朵朵花朵，回忆起一些往事。

Emma: This one was when I won my first sparring match in training. I got hit with the bowstaff, but I stuck it out. You both told me how proud you were. This one was when I had my worst Iron Sickness episode ever, you took care of me when I was bedridden. But all of these memories are meaningless now. Toros blinks and looks momentarily sad, but Kellan looks impatient and angry. The other students are still watching the whole scene unfold.

Emma: These flowers hold memories of a girl that doesn’t exist anymore.