Kellan: Are you seriously crying? How annoying can you be? Of course you’re making this all about you!

Toros: Stop being so selfish, Emma! It’s so unattractive.

Emma: I’m done trying to get you two to open your eyes and ears to see what she is doing. If you want to make memory flowers with her instead of me, that’s fine. Just leave me alone.

Toros: Maybe you don’t deserve some of these memory flowers anymore.

Kellan: Maybe you don’t deserve any of them anymore, Emma!

Kellan伸手取过剩下的记忆之花，将它们从她的树上摘下，然后将它们撕成碎片。他将这些碎片抛向空中；当他对Emma投以凌厉的目光时，这些碎片如纸屑般纷纷坠落。Emma用手捂住脸哭泣，随后跑下走廊。

内景：枫冠学院–守护树长廊–上午–连续

Mara追上Emma，试图抓住她的手——此时Emma正试图逃离守护树大厅。Mara一把抓住她的手 腕，紧紧攥住。他们三人都穿着枫冠学院的校服。

Emma: Let go of me!

Emma试图挣脱，但Mara的抓握十分紧固。Mara对Emma露出一抹病态而甜美的微笑。

Mara: Look how much the princes already love me. I’m sorry, Emma. If you’re mad at me, you can punish me. I’m only a maid’s daughter. You can take your anger out on me.

Emma: Get away from me, Mara! Emma rips her wrist free. Mara fakes getting struck in the face. Mara’s hand flies to her cheek as she screams. Blood spills out from under her fingers. Toros and Kellan run over right as the blood streaks down her face, then they see the iron hairpin that has appeared in Emma’s hand

Emma猛地挣脱Mara的手，抽回手腕；Mara则假装被打中脸——她尖叫着将手迅速移向脸颊，鲜血从她的指尖溢出。就在鲜血顺着她的脸颊流下之际，Toros与Kellan立刻冲了过去；随后，他们看到一

枚铁发簪凭空出现在Emma手中。Emma惊愕地张大了嘴巴，只见这枚发簪赫然出现在她的掌心。

学生们尖叫起来。

Student 1: Emma is armed with iron!

Student 2: She’s trying to kill Mara!

Kellan: Mara! Are you okay? I can’t believe she did this!

Mara: I offered to let her hit me so she could feel better. But I didn’t know she would attack me with iron! She had the iron hairpin hidden in her hair! Am I going to die? I’ve never touched iron before!

Emma: I didn’t do it! This isn’t my hairpin! Mara made it appear in my hand!

Emma松开手，让那枚发夹掉落在地上。Toros则气冲冲地来回踱步。

Kellan: Then whose is it, Emma? We’re all Fae besides you! You’re a human - the only one that iron won’t affect! Apologize to Mara now!

Emma: I will not apologize to her! Mara must have made the hairpin appear in my hand! And gave herself the injury! She can perform glamours and move objects. Why wouldn’t you think she is the one doing this?

Kellan: You expect us to believe that?

Toros: What is wrong with you, Emma! Iron is deadly to fae! Are you insane? Toros’s hands light up with energy. Emma shrinks back, scared of his power.

Emma: Please don’t hit me with your magic, Toros. It could kill me. Toros unleashes a sudden blast of white and blue energy that strikes Emma in the face and shoulder, the brutal force of it knocking her backwards. She catches herself before she completely falls to the ground. Time slows as Toros processes what he did, he looks shocked as

Toros突然释放出一阵白蓝相间的能量冲击波，击中了Emma的面部与肩部，巨大的冲击力将她猛然击退。她及时稳住了身形，未完全跌倒在地。时间仿佛凝滞——Toros正思索着自己刚才的行为，而Emma则双手托着下巴，凝视着他，神情十分震惊。

Emma: Please, not again.

Emma低头一看，发现鲜红的鲜血正从她的衬衫下渗出；冲击波导致她肩部在衬衫下方出现一道裂口，但她的衬衫并未撕裂。

Student 1: I thought they loved Emma?

Student 2: Mara must be their new favorite.

Emma试图用手再次按压肩部的伤口，鲜血从衬衫中渗出，滴落在她的手上。由于冲击波击中了她的面部，她的下颌处已开始出现淤青。Toros看到自己对Emma造成的伤害后，双眼猛地睁大；他呼吸急促，双拳紧握——而Emma则因震惊与恐惧而仰头望向他。

内景：枫冠学院–守护树长廊–上午–连续