Emma的下颌处有一道淤青，衬衫肩部区域沾着血迹，她惊恐地注视着Toros——此前Toros用他 的力量击中了她。Kellan和Mara则站在Toros身旁观看。Kellan一脸震惊，说不出话来；而Mara因自 己制造的假伤而脸颊上留着一道割伤，正得意地对Emma露出微笑。他们三人都穿着枫冠学院学 院的校服。

Toros: Things got out of hand. That…shouldn’t have happened. But it was because you used iron on Mara! You made me do it, Emma. You need to apologize to Mara.

Emma: I will not apologize to her for something I didn’t do!

Toros: Look, I’ll apologize first. I shouldn’t have used my magic on you. You cut Mara with iron, and I lost control, okay? I’m sorry. You’re only a fragile human. I’ll give you something to make it up to you, how about… a sun rabbit. Those are cute, right? I’ll get you your own sun rabbit.

插入镜头：

一只太阳兔轻巧地穿过被阳光照耀的高大草甸。它拥有蓬松的白色毛发、棕褐色的鹿角和黑 色的眼睛；它用鹿角在草丛中刨寻，显得十分宁静且可爱。 返回舞台：

Emma: Sun rabbits are dangerous to humans, remember? They look cute until they turn bloodthirsty. I don’t have the Daybright Fae gift to Compel, the sun rabbit would attack me. Emma frowns and shakes her head. Emma casts a pointed glance at Mara, who gives an evil smile to Emma. Toros looks back at Mara, who immediately drops her smile and lifts her hand to her injured cheek and lowers her head.

Kellan: Ugh you’re so impossible, Emma! You hurt Mara with iron and then don’t want Toros’s gift? As if you deserve a gift. I can’t stand you anymore!

Emma: Toros hurt me with his power. And the sun rabbit gift would try to kill me.

Emma: I don’t know why you both refuse to listen to me, and blame me for everything. This has to be over. We are done.

Emma转身准备离开，但托罗抓住了她的手，阻止她离开。Emma悲伤地低头看他们的双手，然后与托罗相握片刻。

Emma: There was a time when all I wanted was to be with you both. I would have done anything for you. But now, everything is poisoned.

Kellan: Whatever! Get out of here if you’re going to be obnoxious about it!

Emma松开Toros的手，随后离开了。

Toros: Why does this time feel different? Like she is really leaving?

Kellan: She isn’t serious, we’re stuck with her. She literally can’t leave.

内景：德里文城堡——前门——清晨

画面文字：Emma离开

Emma身着枫冠学院的校服，从地下室走上楼梯，朝城堡正门走去；她的下颌处仍可见到 一处淤青。她手中拿着一个绣花帆布包，包里装满了她的随身物品。

Emma: I only have to make it through the day at the academy, then I’m free. Adrian will pick me up before the evening. She is surprised to see Queen Anna at the front entrance, who turns around to greet her. Emma lowers the duffle bag to the ground next to her to dip low and greet Queen Anna with respect.

Emma将背包轻放在身旁，随即低身向Queen Anna致以敬意。Anna身着一件庄重的银色长裙，头戴一顶淡蓝色水晶王冠。

Emma: Queen Anna! I thought you wouldn’t be home for weeks!

Anna: I left the diplomatic summit as soon as I heard you were leaving. Emma, I’m so sorry. I should have been here. I’ve failed you and your mother. I made a promise when I took you in as my ward. I’m so angry with Toros and Kellan. I sensed issues before I left, but I didn’t think it would get to this point. Perhaps it’s something we can fix? Is there anything I can do to convince you to stay?

Emma: Unfortunately, it’s beyond repair. At this point, it’s not safe for me here anymore. And I don’t think Toros and Kellan want me here.

Anna: How can that be true? After all the memories, all the wonderful times together. There must be something we can do.

Emma: I have my last day at the academy today, then I’m leaving. I have to protect myself.

Anna: I wish I could convince you otherwise. If you would give me a chance to make it right, I will force the princes if I have to.