Emma: I think forcing them would only make them hate me more.

Emma: Here. I wanted to return this. It’s not right for me to keep it.

Anna: No, don’t cut ties with me. If you return it, that’s breaking my oath to you. If the door closes with you, Toros, and Kellan, at least the door to me can remain open.

Anna: Toros and Kellan may have proven unworthy, but my hope is that you find true happiness and acceptance. You are so selfless, Emma, promise me you’ll remember to take care of yourself first.

Emma: I promise. Queen Anna releases the hug, then reaches down to pick something up off screen.

Queen Anna松开拥抱，随后弯下腰，从屏幕外捡起了一样东西。

Anna: Here, I have this for you.

Queen Anna手持一个巨大的开放式贝壳，双手合十将其捧起；贝壳内壁光润如珠，闪烁着珍珠般的 光泽。一叠硕大而完美的珍珠——色彩各异、宛如柔和的粉彩——被整齐地排列成金字塔状。

Anna: Each of the pearls has special magic attached, they will bring positivity and light into your new life at Embermere.

Emma: Oh, it’s beautiful… but I can’t accept it.

Anna: You can, and you must. It is only for you. Take it with my love and blessing.

Emma将那枚钻石手链放回口袋，随后接受了Anna赠送的、带有珍珠的开合式贝壳盒。

Emma: I’ll treasure it always.

Anna: I had thought that one day you would be mated to one of my sons. Queen Raina told me how excited Prince Adrian is that you are coming to join them. Maybe now that you’re leaving, you will become his mate. Toros and Kellan storm in at that moment, their faces in shock as they hear the last of what

Mara也跟了他们进入房间。

Toros: Wait, who will be Emma’s mate?

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——清晨——连续

Queen Anna与Toros及Kellan发生了争执。Emma将她那件绣花帆布包放在身旁的地板上，手中握着 一个装满珍珠的开放式贝壳盒；她的下颌仍因Toros对她说出的魔法而淤青。Mara站在Kellan身 后，随着房间内气氛日益紧张，她显得有些不自在。Emma、Toros、Kellan和Mara均穿着德里文 家族的传统服饰；而Anna则身着一件庄重的银色长裙，并戴着一顶淡蓝色的水晶王冠。

Toros: What’s all this about? Who is Emma supposedly going to be with?

Anna: That doesn’t concern you.

Kellan: What lies are you telling our mother? Whatever

Emma低头看着地面，脸上写满了恐惧与紧张。

Toros: Don’t listen to her, mother! She has been bullying Mara and doing terrible things! Mara just wants Emma to be happy and yet Emma repeatedly hurts her. You can’t believe Emma. She’s nothing but a lying human!

Anna: You two are being so foolish. I cannot believe how easily you’ve been led astray.

Mara: Emma, please don’t spread lies about me to the queen. I never wanted to come between you and the princes. I’m only a maid’s daughter, I only wanted–

Queen Anna翻了翻白眼。

Anna: Stop with your lies, Mara! I should have never brought your mother to work here. You have been a rot in my castle since you arrived.

Toros: Mother, too harsh. Mara cares about us. She is good to us. This human on the other hand… Emma doesn’t care about us, she only cares about jewels and getting a mate with a title!

Anna: Shut up, the both of you. Emma told me nothing. I knew awful things happened, but as to what they were, it’s you that outed yourself just now. She is the only one that cares about you! Toros’s gaze falls to the open clamshell piled with pearls in Emma’s hands. He shakes his head and laughs.

Toros: Oh really, Mother? Unbelievable. You claim she’s the one that cares? Look at her, she’s literally holding jewels! Everything she has we’ve given her!

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——清晨——连续

Queen Anna与Toros及Kellan发生争执。Emma将她那件绣花帆布包放在身旁的地板上，手中拿着一个 装满珍珠的贝壳容器。Emma的下颌仍因Toros对她的魔法攻击而淤青。Mara站在Toros和Kellan附 近，她的不耐烦以及对当前混乱局面的不满已逐渐在脸上显露出来。Emma、Toros、Kellan和Mara 均穿着德里文家族的传统服饰；而Anna则身着一件庄重的银色长裙，并戴着一顶淡蓝色的水晶王 冠。