Kellan: After everything Emma has done, there’s no way she’s family anymore. She has lied, stolen, bullied, forged royal letters. And now she’s making you believe it was Mara. She should be punished!

Anna: How dare you. This is appalling. Fae are masters at deception, and yet somehow this conniving, poisonous snake has wormed her way in and tricked you. And you both fell for it! I want her out of my castle!

Mara: But, Your Majesty–

Anna: Silence! Mara scowls at Emma, she turns to leave with Toros and Kellan. Kellan pauses, then leans in close to Emma.

Kellan: We should’ve never let a human like you into our realm. Better watch out at Maplecrown Academy, the other Fae are going to feel the same way. I’ll make sure of it.

Kellan离开了房间。Anna转过身面对Emma，歉意地将双手搭在Emma的肩上；她的脸上已完全看不出任何愤怒的痕迹。

Anna: What Toros and Kellan have done is a travesty. It should not have been allowed to get this bad. If only I had been here, I could’ve prevented this. I’m as disappointed in myself as I am in them.

场，本可以阻止这一切。我对自己的失望程度，与对他们的失望程度一样深。——Emma： 这不是你的错，他们只是……不愿听从。不过希望现在你明白为什么我必须离开——在这里对我 来说已经不安全了。

Emma: It’s not your fault, they just… won’t listen. But hopefully now you see why I have to leave. It’s not safe for me here anymore.

Anna: I do, and I believe you’ll find peace and happiness at Embermere. I wish it could have been with us.

Emma: I did for a while, I was so happy when I first came here. You were so welcoming to me. But those days are over, and not by my choice. I have to protect myself now, because they won’t do it.

Anna握住Emma的手，微微点头，同时紧抿双唇。

Anna: It’s ironic that here in Daybright Court, you have been the brightest light with your genuine, pure heart. They will feel your absence, and then, hopefully, understand what they have done.

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午

Emma爬上螺旋楼梯来到训练室，推开厚重的木门，步入最后一节训练课。Toros先前造成的伤痕 仍清晰地印在她的下颌上。Mara则站在门厅的另一侧，挡住了她进入训练室主区域的通道。训练 室空间宽敞，天花板很高，配有精美的深色木制扶壁和石质墙面。Mara脸颊上的伤痕已完全愈 合，无法看见。Toros与Kellan正在训练室主区域进行实战演练——他们三人都穿着枫冠学院学 院的校服。

Emma: I only have to get my attendance marked. I wish we didn’t have the same class right now, otherwise I could avoid them.

Emma: I don’t want any trouble, Mara. I’m exhausted. Let me pass and you can have the princes. I don‘t care anymore.

Mara: Trouble? Now what could I possibly do to you? Oh, I know. Mara shrieks and falls back, her hand flies to her uninjured cheek. Toros and Kellan run over, instantly on high alert. Toros helps her up, then encourages Mara to let him look at it. Hiding below her hand on her cheek is a new cut.

Toros扶起她，然后鼓励Mara让其查看伤口。在她脸颊上用手遮挡处，有一处新的伤口。

Kellan: That’s it, Emma! You can’t continue to hurt Mara like this. Come here, Mara, hit her back. She deserves it. Emma winces, waiting to be struck by Mara.

Mara: Oh, I couldn’t do that, Prince Kellan. I know she hit me so many times, but I could never do that to her. She’s only a human.

Emma: I didn’t do anything. She’s using her skill again.

Toros: Look what you’ve done to her, Emma, and Mara won’t even hit you back to even the score! Emma's shoulder slump, too tired to argue with them.