Kellan: If Mara won’t do it, then I will. You hurt Mara again, and earlier you went and lied to the queen, our mother. Kellan thrusts his hand toward the open tower window, unfurling his magic that controls the environment. Green energy flows out of him and down his arm. A rumble goes through the air, followed by a rushing sound as a violent vine with thorns on it shoots through the open window. It wraps around Emma in an instant, squeezing her like a vice. Kellan leans toward Emma as the vines drag her to him.

Kellan将手伸向敞开的塔楼窗户，释放出掌控环境的魔法。绿色能量从他体内涌出，沿着手臂向下流淌。空气中响起一阵隆隆声，紧接着传来一阵急促的呼啸声——一根布满尖刺的狂野藤蔓从敞开的窗户中冲了进来。它瞬间缠住了Emma，将她紧紧箍住，如同钳子一般。随着藤蔓将Emma拖向自己，Kellan向她俯身靠近。

Kellan: Mara is too sweet to do this herself. You continue to hurt Mara without consequences. But now we’ll make sure you don’t do this again.

Emma试图尖叫，但藤蔓实在太紧了——它们突然将她向后拉扯，猛地拽向那扇敞开的窗户，仿佛要将她从塔楼中抛下一般。

他们没有将Emma从塔楼上扔下，而是将她扔到窗前的地上。Emma全身多处受伤，手臂上有十处伤 口，腿部也有十处伤口，颈部有一道深口子；她的手臂、腿部和颈部都布满了淤青。她几乎意识 模糊，只能发出呻吟声。 Mara跑向她，假装去关心她。

Mara: Oh no! Instead of helping her, Mara uses her nail and scratches into one of the open wounds, making it worse. Mara has a villainous smile as she does it. Emma cries out but still barely moves. Mara shrieks again and throws herself away from Emma, making it look like Emma had done it.

Toros: Not again! Emma, stop! Toros tilts his head to the side and narrows his eyes, his gazes flicking between Mara and Emma as he doubts that Emma had been able to do anything.

Toros将头侧向一边，双眼眯起；他的目光在Mara与Emma之间来回扫视，怀疑Emma是否真的做了什么。Emma（旁白）：就在这里——我将在这里，被我一生所爱的仙族们亲手杀死。就在她这样想着的时候，她突然失去了意识，双眼也微微闭上。

Emma: This is it. This is where I die at the hands of the fae men I’ve loved my whole life. As she thinks it, she fades out of consciousness and her eyes flutter shut.

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午–连续

Emma躺在塔楼窗户旁的地上，因此前与Kellan操控的藤蔓搏斗而几乎失去知觉。她下颌处的淤青依 然清晰可见，但此刻她的身上还布满了其他伤痕与淤青——手臂上有十处割伤，腿部也有十 处，颈部有一道长口子，颈部、手臂和腿部均布有淤青。Mara跪在她身旁，脸颊上有一道伤 痕——那是她为诱骗Emma而假装受伤时造成的。Kellan站在Emma身侧，双拳紧握。Toros则站在 附近，目光在Emma与Mara之间来回扫视，试图理清所有情况。他们全都穿着枫冠学院的校 服。 Emma动了动，醒了过来。

Emma: Please, stop hurting me. You’re going to kill me.

Toros: Once you stop this abuse toward Mara, then we’ll stop using our magic on you. But if you don’t stop, neither will we. Don't you see that Mara hasn’t once stood up to you? She is too scared to, so we have to do it.

Kellan: Someone has to stand up to a bully like you.

Kellan举起手，再次运用他的环境魔法发出一声呼喊。他做出一个拉拽的手势，片刻之后，一根浓稠的泥浆管状物在空中盘旋，随后泼洒在Emma身上。这一幕让Emma从恍惚中惊醒，但随即她又晕倒在地上，失去知觉。

内景：月影疗愈圣所——清晨

Emma身着枫冠学院的校服，在医务室中醒来。她的校服因Kellan向她泼泥而沾满泥污。她身 上布满可见的伤口：手臂上有十处，腿部有十处，颈部则有一处——那是Kellan用藤蔓袭击她时造 成的。她的全身遍布瘀伤：下颌处有一处伤痕，那是Toros用能量场击中她所致；手臂、腿部及 颈部还有数处伤痕。当Emma完全清醒并看到护士卡斯塔时，她因剧痛而皱起了眉头。

Kastar: Emma! You’re covered in cuts and bruises, and you’re having an Iron Sickness episode. You’re lucky to be alive! If you keep going like this, the next time you might not survive.

Emma: It’s… okay. I’ll be okay.