Kastar: You need to be more careful. I’m going to fly off and get more supplies, I don’t have enough here to treat you. But, here’s some healing tonic for your Iron Sickness, make sure to take this right away or you might succumb to the sickness this time. I’ll be back soon. Kastar’s wings begin fluttering, she flies out of the door of the infirmary. Emma adjusts in the bed, wincing in pain. Mara sneaks into the room moments after Kastar leaves. Emma flinches when she sees Mara.

内景：月影疗愈圣所——上午——连续

Mara的面颊已神奇地愈合，再无可见的伤口；而Emma身上仍留有明显的伤口：手臂上有十处、 腿部有十处，颈部则有一处——这些伤口均是因Kellan用藤蔓攻击她所致。她的全身遍布瘀伤： 下颌处有一处伤痕，那是Toros用能量场击中她时造成的；手臂、腿部及颈部还有数处伤痕。由 于经历了“铁病”这一血液系统疾病发作，Emma的肤色显得苍白且略带青绿。Emma与Mara均穿着 枫冠学院的校服；Emma的校服因Kellan向她泼洒泥土而沾满泥污。

Emma: What do you want?

Mara: I want you gone.

Emma: I’ll be gone soon, and then, you’d better be careful, Mara. Because the princes will eventually realize that it’s always been you. They’ll figure out that you’re the monster.

Mara: I am so sick of your shit. You should have died with your worthless parents. All you are is obnoxious trouble. A thorn in my side. But now, everything that was yours is mine. And even though the princes love me and hate you, you being gone isn’t enough. Mara pauses a beat, staring Emma down with a scowl.

Mara: I have to make sure you can’t come crawling back here, and the only way is if you’re dead. Emma’s eyes droop closed, and she moving her hand to try and open the vial of tonic Kastar had given her. Mara’s eyes follow her hand movements to figure out what she’s doing. She smiles and laughs, snatching the tonic vial from Emma with her translocation power.

Mara注视着她的手部动作，试图弄清楚她正在做什么。她微笑着大笑，随即利用自身的空间转移能力从Emma手中抢过了那瓶药剂瓶。

Emma: No, please. I need that.

Mara: Of course you need it. Which is exactly why you won’t get it. Because I don’t just want you gone, I want you dead. Pathetic, powerless human, you never had a chance with the princes. They would never choose you for their mate. They’re all mine now.

内景：月影疗愈圣所——上午——连续

Emma卧在医务室的病床上，显得虚弱且精神萎靡，身上有多处可见的伤口：手臂上有十处、腿部 有十处，颈部则有一处——这些伤口均来自Kellan袭击时所用的藤蔓。她的全身遍布瘀伤：下颌 处有一处伤痕，是Toros用能量场击中她所致；手臂、腿部及颈部则有多处伤痕。由于遭遇了 “铁病”这一血液系统疾病发作的影响，Emma的肤色显得苍白且略带青紫。Mara站在病床末端， 手中拿着一瓶用于治疗“铁病”的药剂瓶。Mara脸颊上的伤痕已完全愈合，无法被察觉。Emma 与Mara均穿着枫冠学院的校服；Emma的校服因遭受Kellan的袭击而沾满了泥土和鲜血。

Mara: Pathetic Emma. When are you going to realize that I’ve won? Go ahead and die already. Mara dumps the uncorked vial out on the floor, then drops the vial. The vial makes a glass plink sound, but doesn’t shatter. Most of it spilled, but there is still some tonic in the vial which is laying on its side.

Mara将未封口的药瓶倾倒在地板上，随后将药瓶放下。药瓶发出“叮当”的声响，但并未破碎；大部分药液洒了出来，不过药瓶内仍残留着少量补剂，此时药瓶已侧放。

Mara: Oops. Looks like your tonic is all gone!

Mara回头一看，发现是Toros和Kellan。她尖叫一声，假装Emma伤到了她，随后倒在地上。Toros和Kellan冲了进来。Emma躺在地上，几乎动弹不得，她正爬向那空着的药剂瓶。Toros和Kellan都穿着枫冠学院的校服。

Toros: Dammit, Emma! Kellan and Toros help Mara up, looking her over for more injuries while Emma is still on the ground, still trying to reach her vial. She reaches it, then begins licking it off the floor.

Toros: It’s never ending with you, Emma! Mara came to see if she could help, and you hurt her again!

Kellan: Are you seriously licking that off the ground? Disgusting!