Emma: It was the only tonic I had in here and I needed it. The small amount of tonic starts to bring back some color to her skin, and gives her a tiny boost of energy and relief. She takes a moment to recover, breathing heavily, her eyes not focusing on anything.

Emma: I didn’t attack her. I was only trying to take my tonic. It was all I had, Mara took it from me and poured it on the floor. Toros and Kellan look around, confused, starting to mentally catalogue everything that happened and understanding how it’s not adding up.

Emma: I can barely move because of the injuries, Kastar said I could die from my Iron Sickness without treatment. Kellan pauses, looking from Mara to Emma on the ground.

Kellan: Emma looks like she’s too weak to do anything.

Toros: Wait, how did her vial end up open all the way over here? Mara stutters, trying to answer, when the door opens and Kastar flies in, her opalescent wings a blur. She carries a bag of bandages with her.

Mara正结结巴巴地试图回答时，门突然打开——Kastar凌空飞入，她那片半透明的翅膀在空中化作一道模糊的光迹；她手中还提着一个装着绷带的袋子。

Kastar: Emma! What are you doing on the ground? You’re too injured to move on your own! And why is your healing tonic on the ground? You could die without it!

Toros: What? She really could die from Iron Sickness?

内景：月影疗愈圣所——上午——连续

Kastar正在医务室里查看Emma的情况。随后，她转过身面向Toros、Kellan和Mara。Kastar身 着护士制服；而Toros、Kellan和Mara则均穿着枫冠学院的校服。Mara脸颊上的伤势已完全 愈合，无法察觉；Emma则穿着枫冠学院的校服——由于遭到Kellan的攻击，校服沾满了泥污 和血迹；她的全身布满割伤与瘀伤。

Kastar: What are you all doing in here? Get back to training, the infirmary is only for the sick. Leave now, or I’ll make sure your instructors know why you aren’t in class. Kastar helps Emma back up and into the bed. Toros and Kellan look stunned, watching Emma barely able to move. Mara walks out the door first, followed by Kellan, then Toros. Toros takes one last look at Emma with a confused expression on his face.

Kastar转身看向护士端上的托盘，正在准备治疗Emma伤口所需的物品。一封带有魔法的信件从窗户飞了进来，拖着一道琥珀色烟雾，并闪烁着琥珀色与靛蓝色的光芒。这封信落在Emma手中。她打开信件，仔细阅读起来。

Adrian: Emma, I’m on my way there. I’ve received word of how injured you are. I’m coming as fast as I can. I will bring you back to health and take care of you better than anyone ever has. All my love, Adrian. Emma cries and smiles, all of the emotions releasing at once.

外景：枫冠学院——前门——下午时段

屏幕文字：四小时后 天气炎热晴朗，Toros站在德里文皇家马车旁——这辆马车由一匹毫无条纹的巨型白虎牵引 着。Toros目送着Emma离开医务室。Kellan和Mara倚靠在马车旁，神情不悦。Mara脸颊上的伤痕已 完全愈合，无法察觉。这辆美丽的马车涂着银白色漆面。他们全都穿着枫冠学院的校服。

Kellan: What are we doing, Toros? Let’s go.

Toros: We’re waiting for Emma. She may be an annoying obligation, but she’s hurt and she has no way home. We have to take her.

Kellan: She’s only going to cause a problem. She’ll probably attack Mara again in the carriage.