Toros: Did you see how sick she was? She’s in no condition to do anything. The door to the infirmary opens, then Emma comes out in a wheelchair pushed by Kastar. The wheelchair has a fairy leaf design and is painted a sage green. Her cuts on her arms, legs, and neck have been bandaged. She still has the bruise on her jaw from when Toros hit her with an energy blast. Emma looks exhausted, she is wearing her Maplecrown Academy uniform, it is muddy and has dried blood on it. Emma hasn’t noticed Toros, Kellan, and Mara. There is a group of students standing nearby, all talking to each other though we can’t hear what they’re saying. The other students don’t look at Emma as she walks by. Toros approaches Emma, Kellan reluctantly follows, then Mara trails behind, pouting and rolling her eyes. Emma spots Toros finally, flinching as she sees him. Her gaze travels to Kellan and Mara after. She looks worried. Toros goes to help her. Emma shrinks away, moving her body out of his reach.

Emma看起来疲惫不堪，她身穿枫冠学院的校服——校服上沾着泥泞，还留有凝固的血迹。Emma并未注意到Toros、Kellan和Mara的存在。附近站着一群学生，他们正在互相交谈，但我们听不清他们在说什么。当Emma走过时，其他学生并未看向她。Toros向Emma走去，Kellan不情愿地跟了上去，而Mara则紧随其后，面带不悦，翻着白眼。Emma终于看到了Toros，见到他时不禁微微一颤；随后她的目光转向Kellan和Mara，神情显得忧心忡忡。Toros上前想帮她，但Emma却退后一步，将自己身体移出他的触及范围。

Toros: Come on, Emma, let’s go.

Emma: Kastar, please don’t leave me alone. Toros’s eyes blink in confusion, then he looks at the fellow students that are standing nearby, checking to see if they noticed. They have stopped talking to each other and started watching.

Toros: She says she isn’t going to go with us. Kellan throws his hands up. Mara opens her hands in a pious way.

Mara: It’s my fault, I’ll talk to her. Toros and Kellan shrug. Mara walks over to Emma, who looks worried as Mara approaches her.

Mara走到了Emma身边，当她走近时，Emma看起来十分忧心。

Mara: I’ll take care of her.

Mara: I’m warning you that if you get in that carriage, I’ll make you wish you had never entered this realm, you pathetic human. If the princes don’t kill you, then I will.

Emma: I’m leaving Dryven. Please just let me go.

Mara走到轮椅前方，随后弯下腰，与Emma保持视线齐平；她假装对Emma投去一个充满关怀的眼神，让Toros和Kellan都能看到。

Mara: If I let you go, you might come back, and I can’t have that. Mara screams and staggers back, faking another altercation, partially covering her face with her hands. Toros and Kellan run over.

外景：枫冠学院——前门——下午时段——连续

在炎热晴朗的日子里，Toros与Kellan正站在Emma对面——Emma正坐在她的轮椅上。两人满脸怒 容，严厉地责备Emma又“伤害”了Mara。Emma的双臂、双腿和颈部缠着绷带；她的下颌处有一处 明显的瘀伤，那是Toros用能量冲击波击中她所致。Mara用双手遮住下脸部；她脸颊上原本相同 的伤痕已消失，而她实际上隐藏着另一处新伤——这处伤是她在与Emma的冲突中假造的。众人均 穿着枫冠学院的校服；Emma的校服沾满泥污，上面还留有凝固的血迹。 Emma结结巴巴地试图组织语言。Toros俯身查看Mara的脸部。Mara下移双手，露出她嘴旁三条 深色、带血的纵向抓痕——看起来像是被指甲划伤所致。当周围的同学们看到Mara的伤势时， 无不倒吸一口凉气，惊呼出声。

Kellan: Not again! This has to stop, Emma!

Mara: It’s my fault, Prince Kellan. I slipped and caught myself on her fingernails.

Kellan: You don’t have to make excuses for her, Mara. If we don’t step in, she’s going to keep doing this.

Toros: Even injured and in a wheelchair, you still find a way to attack Mara!

Emma: I… didn’t do anything. She’s doing it again, using her glamours to frame me.

Kellan: Enough with your lies! Get out of that wheelchair and get in the carriage!

Emma: I can’t. I’m too weak.

Kellan: I don’t believe you. I’m going to prove you don’t need the wheelchair.