Emma: It doesn’t matter anymore. The door closed with them, they get nothing from me from now on, including grudges. They don’t deserve another thought from me. Adrian covers her hand and gives her a small smile, nodding.

外景：枫冠学院——前门——下午时段

Toros走到那群学生身边——他们仍在注视着那辆载着Emma和Adrian的恩贝尔梅尔马车，直到 它消失在道路尽头。片刻之后，Kellan也抵达了现场。他们全都穿着枫冠学院的校服。

Student 1: I’m pretty sure that’s a Twilight Court carriage. Did you see the stars on the side?

Student 2: Yeah, that’s Embermere royalty, I think.

Toros: Did you see who it was inside?

Student 1: I swear I recognized Prince Adrian Embermere.

Student 2: That’s crazy, that’s like a three day carriage ride from Embermere. I doubt Prince Adrian came all this way.

Toros: No way. Here? Impossible.

Kellan看起来困惑不已，他低头看着地面，试图理清头绪。

Kellan: And why would he be here for Emma? That’s ridiculous. There has to be another explanation. She’s just…

Toros看向Kellan，眉头微皱。

Toros: Don’t say it.

Kellan: She’s just a weak human. And you know it. What would he even want with her?

Student 1: Prince Adrian is so hot. I’m glad he’s taking Emma with him. It’s been awful watching how the princes treat her.

内景：德里文城堡——餐厅——清晨

屏幕文字：Emma离开已有一日 Toros和Kellan身着枫冠学院的校服，神情既沮丧又困惑。自前一天起，Emma便再未出 现。他们正坐在餐厅的餐桌旁，餐盘里摆着食物，但他们心神不宁，根本无心用餐。尽管他们 仍穿着学院校服，但似乎既不在意进食，也不打算前往学院。

Toros: It doesn’t make any sense! How could she not be seen anywhere!

Kellan: I don’t get it either. How did she not come home? Where did she sleep?

Toros: Are we sure she didn’t get taken somewhere against her will? She was hurt when she left the infirmary. What if she’s stranded somewhere?

Kellan: Honestly, this is so typical of her. Making us worry by doing something to get attention. Even when she’s not here she’s obnoxious!

一位仙族仆从身着德里文仆从制服：浅蓝色及踝层叠裙装、白色前襟衬衫配白色蕾丝荷叶边、浅 蓝色纽扣式束腰外衣，以及一顶白色蕾丝女仆帽。她手持一个银制托盘步入厅堂——托盘上放着 一块置于浅蓝色天鹅绒枕上的大型记忆水晶——随后向Toros与Kellan鞠躬，将托盘递予他们。

Toros: A memory crystal? With information about Emma?

Servant: Yes, information about the whereabouts of Miss Emma, but it is unverified. A few images from memory crystals from the main road, inside a carriage with an unknown Fae male. His face was not recorded by the crystal. The carriage was an Embermere Royal carriage. Kellan snatches the crystal off of the tray.

Kellan: Let me see that! Kellan waves the servant off with a dismissive gesture. Mara walks in, wearing her Maplecrown Academy Uniform, all of her injuries have magically healed on her face. She sees the memory crystal from over Kellan’s shoulder. The crystal flickers to life, showing images of the carriage with Emma on board as it made its way through Dryvan. The male Emma is with is still not visible through the window. The crystal changes images, showing the carriage continuing out of Dryven, then disappearing into the vast forest beyond.

Mara: How is she aboard an Embermere Royal carriage?

Toros: If this is true, she might be out of our realm now. None of this makes any sense.

Kellan: Remember those letters she faked? These could somehow be planted images. I wouldn’t put it past her. No, she’s here, we’re going to find her and make her pay.

Toros: Yeah.

Toros点头表示赞同，但他似乎不像Kellan那样确信，也不像Kellan那样怀有以同样狂热之心追捕Emma的强烈动机。

内景：德里文城堡——餐厅——清晨——连续