Toros、Kellan和Mara均穿着枫冠学院的校服。Mara面部的伤势已完全愈合，再无任何痕 迹。Toros与Kellan站在餐厅餐桌旁，他们的早餐尚未动过；而Mara则坐在桌边享用早餐。托罗 斯望向窗外，全神贯注于窗外景色；Kellan则再次凝视着他们之前观看过的记忆水晶上的影像。 Kellan的情绪愈发激动，最终他一拳砸向了桌面。

Kellan: It’s ridiculous! Us getting this upset about her not coming home… I should be relieved. We both should! She’s been awful! But still…

Toros: But I want to know she’s safe. I can’t stop this feeling that something drastic has changed or happened. I don’t believe this report, there’s no way she actually left Dryven. Could you imagine?

Kellan: It’s laughable. She has nowhere to go! She isn’t fooling anyone.

Toros: No. Definitely not.

Kellan: I don’t know what she thinks she is playing at. With everything she did to Mara, and now this? It’s like she’s a completely different person from the one that moved in ten years ago. How did we not see sooner? Toros paces, propping his chin with his hand in a contemplative pose. He stops pacing, opening his arms to Kellan in question.

Toros: I don’t know. Nothing makes any sense anymore. First she tried to steal the jewels from the Harvest Offering Tithe, then she repeatedly bullied and attacked Mara.

Mara: I just want everyone to be happy. Even Emma.

Kellan: You’re so sweet, Mara. We need to find Emma. She can’t get away with all of this!

Toros: But where is she? We need to send our scouts out to find her.

Kellan翻了翻白眼。

Kellan: Now we need to send our scouts? I’m telling you, when we find her, it’s not going to be pretty. This is getting out of hand. Resigned, Kellan slings his book bag over his shoulder, finally ready to leave for Maplecrown Academy.

Kellan: Fine, we’ll send the scouts. We’re late for Maplecrown Academy. Mara purses her lips in dissatisfaction and clenches her fists in her lap.

Mara: Emma better not have gotten away, I need to make sure that filthy human is dead.

Mara: Hopefully the scouts can find her and bring her back.

Mara站起身来，双拳紧握，跺了跺脚，接着抓起书包跟他们一起走出了门。

内景：枫冠学院——守护树长廊–上午

Toros身着枫冠学院的校服，正穿过守护树走廊；当他抬头时，正陷入沉思。他看到Emma，顿 时停下了脚步——她同样穿着枫冠学院的校服，身上也没有任何伤痕。Toros的嘴巴张得大 大的。

Toros: Emma!

Mara: Prince Toros, it’s me, Mara.

Toros: Right, of course. Mara frowns and pouts, unhappy to be confused with Emma. Toros puts an arm around Mara to try and sidestep his mistake, guiding her over to her Living Ward Tree. His eyes travel to Emma’s tree, now empty. The moss has already turned a grayish color in her absence. Toros frowns at the tree, the sight of it frustrating.

Toros伸手将Mara搂在怀中，试图弥补自己的失误，引导她走向她的守护树。他的目光随即转向Emma的那棵树——如今已空无一人。在Emma离开后，树上的苔藓已然染上了灰白色。Toros对这棵树皱起眉头，眼前的景象令他感到沮丧。

Toros: I know the ward trees change once their owner leaves, but why would Emma’s tree already start changing? Unless the tree knew Emma wasn’t coming back.

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午

Kellan正手持长杖进行训练。他用长杖完成了一组复杂的旋转动作，随后释放出一股强大的绿色 能量波——在旋转动作结束后，这股能量波便与他一同环绕而出。当绿色能量消散时，他看到 另一名看起来像Emma的female student站在最近的支撑梁旁，正将目光移开。两人均穿着枫冠学院学 院的校服。

Kellan: Emma? Where have you been?

Female Student: Me? I’m not Emma.

Kellan: Oh, sorry. My mistake. Kellan’s shoulders drop, he looks sad, and disappointed that it wasn’t her. Then he shakes his head, like he’s trying to shake off the encounter.

内景：德里文城堡——餐厅——清晨

屏幕文字：Emma离开已三天 Toros与Kellan正坐在桌旁，身着德里文家的便服；他们的其中一位仙族仆人站在身旁，双手合 十，静候着。