Kellan: I can’t believe it’s been three days! I thought you sent our scouts out to find her?

Toros: I did, four of them. We’ve had no word. Kellan is irritated, then blows out an exasperated breath.

Toros: Hopefully we hear something soon. We should go ask our mother and get her to tell us what she knows.

Kellan: You there. Where is our mother?

Servant: I apologize, Your Highnesses, Queen Anna has been called away for an important matter. She won’t return until tomorrow.

Toros翻了个白眼，然后把叉子扔了出去。

Toros: Dammit! Of course she left without telling us.

Kellan: How could she do this? And with Emma missing?

Toros: Maybe it has something to do with Emma? Kellan takes a bite of his eggs. He makes a disgusted face, then pushes the plate away.

Kellan: This food is terrible! What is going on in the kitchen?

内景：德里文城堡——餐厅——清晨——连续

Toros与Kellan正坐在餐桌旁，身着德里文家的便服；一名身着德里文仆人制服的女仙族仆人站 在他们身旁。Kellan对这顿饭的味道极不满意，感到十分愤怒。 Toros闻了闻，随即也尝试了下。他脸色一沉，向Kellan点了点头。

Toros: It’s awful. What is this made out of?

Servant: Miss Emma wasn’t here to prepare the food to your likings. The chefs have gotten used to her managing the daily breakfast.

Kellan看起来十分惊讶，目光从餐盘上移向了侍者。

Kellan: What are you talking about? The chefs don’t make our meals? Why would they not do their job?

Toros: You mean, Emma has been doing it herself? I don’t believe it. How would we not know that? MISTRESS BRIALLEN their head fae servant, walks in, wearing a Dryven servant uniform. She has a matronly, warm presence. She touches the other servant on the shoulder, who curtsies, then takes a step back.

Briallen: Emma asked if she could manage your morning meals since she knew you best. Prince Toros, she knew how you liked tomatoes and peppers prepared, and Prince Kellan, she had an understanding of the root vegetables you liked. She knew that these things supported your Fae elemental skills. She also managed her Iron Sickness, because she could add things to her meal that gave her iron, without bothering anyone.

Kellan: You have to be kidding me. This is a joke, right? Mistress Briallen shakes her head no.

Briallen: It’s not a joke. She wanted to do it to be helpful. It was something she enjoyed doing every day.

Kellan: Sounds to me like something the chefs should have already done. Or the chefs are using Emma’s absence as an excuse.

Kellan: Whatever, Toros! Even if she did, it doesn’t change who she’s become. We both know she’s turned into a destructive, manipulative royal climber. Mistress Briallen pulls her head back in surprise, then frowns as she looks down, her hands clasped in front of her at her waist. Kellan throws up his hands, looking around for an idea.

Kellan举起双手，环顾四周，寻找着解决办法。

Kellan: And it doesn’t change the fact that we still can’t find her. Maybe she’s just hiding in her room.

Toros: Yeah, we should check her room. They both leave the dining room. Mistress Briallen watches them go.

内景：德里文城堡——Mara的卧室——清晨

Toros与Kellan推开了Mara的房门。他们步入楼上那间美丽的房间，窗外便是塔楼窗户所望见的林木 景致。室内光线充足，床铺上铺着一条蓬松舒适的被子。

Toros: I forgot we gave Emma’s room to Mara.

Kellan: I haven’t even seen Emma’s room in the basement since we kicked her out of here.

Toros示意Kellan跟上他离开；随后他们离开那间整洁的卧室，下楼而去。

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨