Toros与Kellan站在那扇狭窄且显得破旧的木门前；当他们试图打开门时，门微微卡住了。两人均 穿着德里文家的便服。他们踉跄着走进这间狭小的房间，发现里面有一张窄小的双人床和一扇小 窗户——但窗户看起来并不足以让人逃离。房间内装饰着各种灰色调的家具。他们环顾四周， 发现床边有一扇敞开的衣柜，里面的搁板上空无一物。

Kellan: All her clothes are gone.

Toros: I didn’t realize this room was so small. It’s horribly cramped. Feels kind of damp, too.

Kellan: That’s her jewelry box. I bet she emptied it.

Toros: Yeah, probably. Kellan picks up the letter, then flips the lid of the jewelry box open with his other hand, revealing a mound of jewels of every color inside, mixed with pearls, and a diamond diadem resting on top.

Kellan拿起那封信，随后用另一只手掀开了珠宝盒的盖子，里面堆满了各式各色的珠宝——其中混杂着珍珠，而顶部则摆放着一枚钻石头冠。

Kellan: What is this? It’s completely full.

Kellan: I don’t get it. She’s obsessed with jewels. Why would she leave all of this? She’s so greedy that she stole the jewel trove for the Harvest Offering Tithe! She must be coming back, there’s no way she’d leave this here.

Kellan拾起那顶王冠，随后仔细端详着冠冕下方的珠宝。

Kellan: This is everything we’ve ever given her.

Toros: Something doesn’t add up. This must be another trick.

Kellan: That’s what this is. Another trick!

Toros将信件翻转过来，然后打开它。他一展开信件，信封边缘便闪烁着白与黄的光芒。他读着写在厚卡纸上的手写字迹。

闪回：

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的房间——地下室——清晨

画面文字：Emma离开 Emma身穿德里文学院的校服，坐在她的小床上，用那张狭窄的台面给Toros和Kellan写信。

Emma: Toros and Kellen, when I first came to Dryven Castle, you made what was the worst period of my life magical. You both took care of me when my parents died. I loved you both so much. At Dryven I found safety. All I ever wanted was your love. But now those days are over. I’m leaving, and I’m ending the promise that you made to me. Inside this chest are all of the gifts you’ve ever given me. The diadem from when you claimed I was your honorary princess, the rings, the tokens, the jewels. Since I know Fae gifts signify a contract, every piece has been returned. I’ll keep our memories, but the contract from when you promised to protect me is over.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨，Toros与Kellan一同坐在桌

前阅读信件。

Kellan: WHAT?!

Toros: I… I don’t know how to take this. The jewels are all here so I think she’s serious.

Kellan: I think it’s deershit. Remember all those jewels from the Harvest Offering Tithe she took? Those were meant to help the farmers of Dryven. She didn’t care and she took them.

闪回：

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–下午时段

Emma与Mara一同置身于枫冠学院培训中心，那里已为“丰收奉献什一税”活动布置好了餐桌。 Mara将金碗从桌上滑下，随即脸上绽放出灿烂的笑容，她眼中闪烁着贪婪的光芒，凝视着碗中堆 叠的珍宝——各式色彩的宝石与色彩柔和的完美珍珠都被巧妙地排列成一座高耸的宝堆。Emma与 Mara均身着枫冠学院的校服。

Emma: Mara! Put the tithe jewels down! That’s for the farmers!

Mara: Not if I get it first!

Emma: Give it back!

Mara: Why don’t you come and take it from me?

闪回-持续播放

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–下午时段

枫冠培训中心已为“丰收奉献什一税”活动布置好了场地。所有珠宝均已收集完毕， 并堆放在一个大型金碗中，为仪式做准备。Mara拿起这个金碗，随即朝后方出口跑去；Emma则 紧随其后。Emma与Mara均身着枫冠学院的校服。 Mara迅速转身，突然面对着Emma，准备再次向她冲去。Mara施展了她的仙族传送术，使那个碗 出现在Emma手中。随后，Mara消失，又重新出现在Emma身后。Emma转过身来，一时有些措手不 及——她发现碗已经握在自己手中。她盯着Mara看。Mara尖叫起来。 Toros与Kellan身着枫冠学院的校服，冲进训练馆。随着他们走近，现场不时传来 尖叫声和喊叫声。