Mara: She’s stealing the tithe! Those jewels are for the farmers!

Emma: What? No! I didn’t! Mara is blocking Toros’s line of sight, but then she screams again and falls down, revealing

Toros: Emma! Stop! What are you doing? Mara cries on the ground, her hand to her cheek.

Mara: I tried to stop her but she wouldn’t listen, then she hit me! Mara lowers her hand from her cheek to reveal the intense red mark on her face. Toros shifts his eyes to the injury, then back to Emma, his face filled with rage. Kellan helps Mara up off of the ground.

Mara将手从脸颊上移开，露出了脸上那道深红的伤痕。Toros将目光从伤处移开，又转回Emma身上，脸上满是怒意。Kellan扶着Mara站了起来。

Mara: Why would you steal that, Emma? Those jewels are for the farmers!

Emma: I didn’t do that!

Mara: When I tried to stop her she said I wasn’t worthy to be here, that I was just a worthless maid’s daughter. Mara cries, then shields herself against Kellan as he leans over to put an arm around her. Kellan’s lip curls in anger at Emma.

Mara哭了起来，随后她迅速挡在Kellan面前——此时Kellan正俯身想将手臂环住她。Kellan的嘴角因对Emma感到愤怒而紧抿。

Toros: How could you do this to us, Emma? After everything we’ve given you!

闪回-持续播放

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–下午时段

Emma站在枫冠训练馆后方的出口附近，手中握着那碗本应用于“丰收什一奉献”的珠宝；玛 拉也站了在那里，她的脸颊因Emma发动的假攻击而泛红；Toros则面朝Emma站着，脸上写满愤 怒，双拳因狂怒而紧握——他的拳头周围环绕着一道道弧光与嗡鸣声；Kellan站在Mara身旁，将 她紧紧护在身后。他们三人均身着枫冠学院的校服。

Kellan: What’s come over you, Emma! When did you become violent and greedy!

Mara: I was only trying to help, I didn’t mean to make her mad. I don’t feel safe around her, I didn’t know she was an untrustworthy human.

Kellan: It’s okay, Mara. We’ll protect you from her. Kellan glares at Emma as he reaches forward, snatching the bowl with one hand from Emma, while using his other hand to shove her hard against her shoulder. Jewels go flying. Emma’s jaw drops as she sees the jewels go everywhere. She stumbles back with a pained look on her face.

Kellan瞪着Emma，向前伸出手，用一只手从她手中抢过碗，同时用另一只手将她猛力推向自己的肩膀。珠宝应声飞散。Emma看到珠宝四散飞溅，嘴巴张得大大的；她一脸痛苦地踉跄后退。

Emma: No, please. I didn’t do it! You have to believe me.

Toros: Believe you? You’ve literally been caught in the act!

Emma伸出手去抓Toros的一只手，脸上带着恳求的神情。然而，Toros猛地抽回了她伸来的那只手，脸上露出厌恶的神情。

Toros: Enough, Emma! He unleashes an attack with the other hand, shifting his weight to thrust his energy forward with more intensity out of his hand. The energy furls toward Emma in sizzling white and blue energy bolts, striking her in the upper body in a brilliant flash. She is blasted back in slow motion, crashing to the floor. She sits up onto her knees, revealing a split open cheek from the attack. She lifts her hand to carefully touch the injury as her eyes are wide in fear. Her breathing heaves, unable to speak. Toros lowers the hand that sent that blast, standing taller while looking down his nose at her with a glare.

Toros: You’ve made a huge mistake, Emma. Toros, Kellan, and Mara leave the Training Hall as Emma is on her knees on the floor, holding her injured cheek, tears spilling from her eyes.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨

Toros的目光游离，他正回忆着那场什一税事件，脸上写满了悲伤与困惑——这段回忆引发了他 内心的不安。他皱起眉头，低着头，竭力平复着内心交织着的复杂情绪。Toros与Kellan均穿着德 莱文家的便服。