Toros: Why would she give back the jewels? I remember when she supposedly took the tithe jewels. I was so sure she did it at the time. But now I’m not so sure.

Kellan: What are you talking about? We both saw it! Toros pauses, his eyes going wide. He lifts his hand to his mouth in shock.

Toros: It was the first time I used my power to hurt her. She’s only human, I could have killed her.

Toros双手捂住胸口，呼吸骤停，他低头望去，口中张大。随后他再次抬头望向Kellan，脸上 写满惊愕。

Toros: What if that wasn’t what happened that day, and she didn’t do it? Kellan… what if we were wrong?

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨——连续

Toros与Kellan站在Emma的地下室卧室里；首饰盒敞开着，置于一张小型立式桌面上，盒中陈列 着各式珠宝，顶部则摆放着一顶王冠。Kellan双臂自然垂于身侧，手中握着一封来自Emma的信 件。Toros与Kellan均穿着德里文家的便服。

Toros: Seriously, think about it. What if we were wrong about what happened with the tithe jewels?

Kellan: What? No, we weren’t wrong! We both saw her with them! And then she tried to steal them again by hiding them in Mara’s room! Look, this is all part of her trick! She’s even making you doubt yourself now.

Kellan将那封信举到Toros面前，随后将其撕碎，将碎片抛向空中。

Kellan: This is part of her manipulative plan. Returning these jewels, us seeing her get into that carriage… it’s all part of the act! The door to the room opens.

Toros: Emma? Mistress Briallen steps in, her hands clasped as she looks at Toros and Kellan. She is wearing a navy blue coat dress, and holding a dark gray canvas duffle bag, secured with straps. She sets the bag down.

Briallen: No, it’s not Emma. Your Highnesses, I’ve come to let you know I’m resigning. I’ll no longer be here at Dryven Castle.

Kellan: What? Why?

Briallen: Without Emma here, there’s no reason for me to stay. She isn’t coming back, so I’m leaving as well.

Toros: You can’t leave. You can’t just… abandon us here.

Briallen: Yes, I can. I was brought on when Emma came here, I had worked for her parents. Now with her gone, it’s time for me to go.

Kellan: Emma will be back! She has nowhere else to go. There’s no one else to take care of her since her parents died. We’re all she has.

Briallen: You’re wrong. She said goodbye to all the servants three days ago. She said goodbye to your mother.

Toros: No, I can’t believe it.

Kellan: This is all part of Emma’s big plan, and you’re falling for it, Mistress Briallen! She wants a royal title, she wants one of us to be her mate! She’ll come back.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨——连续

Toros和Kellan穿着德里文家的便服；Briallen则穿着一件海军蓝外套连衣裙，她的灰色帆布行李袋放 在地上。

Kellan: Look, she left all the jewels in this jewelry box. She will come back for them.

Toros: And what about Maplecrown Academy? She was always serious about her studies there. She’s not going to abandon that.

Briallen: She officially transferred to a different academy. Your mother signed the decree herself.

Kellan: What!

Toros: What academy? There’s no other academy in Dryven.

Briallen: I don’t know, but I know she won’t be at Maplecrown Academy. Toros and Kellan are frustrated and shocked, trying to make sense of everything.

Kellan: She’s taken this too far. You need to tell us where she is so we can end this. This has gotten out of hand.

Briallen: Emma has left, even if you will not believe it. I have done my best, but I could not prevent her from leaving. She had to protect herself.

Toros: Protect herself from what?