Briallen: She had to protect herself from you two. Toros and Kellan pull back their heads and blink in surprise, speechless.

Kellan: You’re believing her tricks, Mistress Briallen.

Briallen: No. You have been tricked, but not by her.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨——连续

Toros和Kellan穿着德里文家的便服；Briallen则穿着一件海军蓝外套连衣裙，她的灰色帆布行李袋放 在地上。

Toros: I know what I saw, what we saw. Emma is the one doing all of this. Her behavior had to be stopped.

Kellan: We did what we had to do to protect Mara from Emma! She hurt Mara so many times! She even used iron against Mara once. Emma cut Mara with iron!

Briallen: You had to protect a fellow Fae who has considerable strength over Emma? A Fae who has powers to move objects and create glamours? Mara needed protection from a human with Iron Sickness?

Toros: Mistress Briallen, I’m warning you, this could be grounds for serious consequences. You’re falling victim to Emma’s lies.

Briallen放下双手，低垂头颅，随后深吸一口气。

Briallen: Your Highnesses, normally I would not speak above my rank, but since I’m leaving, I’m going to tell you. Emma is not a liar, and what you did to her is wrong. Who you think she's become is also wrong. Emma was the kindest person in Dryven Castle. Toros and Kellan are in visible disbelief, shaking their heads no.

Briallen: You have made a mistake trusting Mara. Mara is the one that you believe Emma is. Emma had to leave to protect herself from you both, because you chose to believe Mara’s lies. You abused and nearly killed Emma solely on Mara’s word.

内景：德里文城堡——Emma的地下室——清晨——连续

Briallen夫人身着一件海军蓝外套裙，站在Emma地下室房间的门口；Toros和Kellan则站在房间 内、靠近床铺处的对面。两人均穿着德里文家的日常便装，神情显得困惑。Briallen夫人从地上 捡起她的灰色帆布行李袋，调整了一下肩部姿势，随后向Toros和Kellan点了点头，便离开了房间，未 作告别。Toros看起来很不高兴，仿佛想要阻止她。

Kellan: Let her go, she’s obviously in league with Emma. We can’t trust her.

Kellan: Toros! Just let her go!

外景：德里文城堡-前立面-早晨

城堡的前部双扇门缓缓开启，随后Briallen夫人手持灰色帆布行李袋、身着一件海军蓝外套连衣裙走 了出来；门在她身后重新关上。她走下台阶，离开了城堡。此时，门再次打开——Toros手持一 记强大的气劲，将门推开，随即赶上前去追上Briallen夫人。

Toros: Mistress Briallen, wait! Briallen stops, then turns to watch Toros approach. Toros clenches both hands together as he opens his mouth, pausing as he seems unsure what to say.

Toros: I need to ask you a few questions before I can allow you to go… How can I know you’re being honest about Emma? She could have put you up to this.

Briallen: It would be foolish to lie to you, Your Majesty. The consequences for a servant like me would be dire.

Toros: That doesn’t prove that you’re not covering for her. You’ve always had a soft spot for her.

Briallen: Remember when Emma first came here? She was so young and scared. Her parents had just died. She had no one. Yet, she did everything she could to make your lives better. She didn’t focus on herself or complain. She made this ancient castle warmer by caring for others.

闪回

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——下午

8岁的Emma身穿一件带有荷叶边的淡紫色连衣裙，为Toros（9岁）和Kellan（8岁）画了一幅画；两人当 时正穿着德里文家的日常服装。Toros和Kellan看到画作后露出了笑容，兴奋地赞叹着自己多么喜欢这幅 画。而身着闪亮银色长裙的Queen Anna看到这幅画时，欣喜若狂。