Toros: But, that was a long time ago. What about all the things she’s done recently? You expect me to ignore who she is now? She should be punished! I suspect you’re lying to me about Emma. Toros waves his hand in front of Briallen, a white glow emanates from his palm and a glowing wisp of energy comes out of his mouth as he speaks.

Toros: I compel you to only speak the truth. My power prevents you from telling a lie. Mistress Briallen goes rigid and her eyes widen as the power surrounds her.

外景：德里文城堡-前门入口-上午-连续

当下

Toros身着德里文家族的便服，正与身着海军蓝外套连衣裙的Briallen夫人交谈；她身旁放着一 个灰色的帆布包。Toros眉头紧锁，思忖着自己认为Emma究竟做了什么。Briallen夫人则耐心地 站着，双手交叠，等待他平复心情。Toros运用自己的力量，迫使Briallen无法撒谎——一道白 光笼罩着她，将她束缚，使其无法说谎。

Briallen: I haven’t lied to you, Your Majesty. Emma is being punished for someone else’s lies. Emma’s only mistake was not holding you two accountable for the way you’ve treated her.

Toros: Either you’ve lost your mind to be so bold to talk to me like that, or…

Briallen: Or, I believe so strongly in her that I’m willing to risk the consequences by telling you the truth. Plus, you’ve used the power to compel me.

Toros: And what is the truth about Emma?

Briallen: That she believed kindness should be freely given! And that’s what she did, every day. Everything she did was always for others, instead of for herself.

闪回：

外景：德里文城堡-会客室-上午

Emma拉奏小提琴的样子很不熟练。Toros畏缩着走进来，同时揉着太阳穴；他和Emma都穿 着德里文家的便服。

Toros: Emma, can you stop playing that? Fae ears are sensitive, it’s bothering me.

Emma: Sorry, Toros! I won’t play around you anymore.

外景：德里文城堡-前门入口-上午-连续

Toros: She never played violin again. She loved to play, but it bothered me.

Briallen: You ran after me to ask me these questions, I think you already suspected you were wrong. I believe you already knew I was telling the truth even before you used the power to compel me.

Toros: From everything I saw, I believed Emma truly did these awful things. I was only doing my duty as the elder Daybright Prince.

Briallen: Sooner or later, you’re going to have to face the fact that your eyes have deceived you, and you fell victim to something you should be well aware of: the Fae game of deception.

外景：德里文城堡-前门入口-上午-连续

Toros身着德里文家的便服，正与身着海军蓝外套连衣裙的Briallen夫人交谈；Briallen夫人手 中拿着一个灰色的帆布包，放放在石台上。她正试图让Toros明白，自己一直被Mara欺骗了。

Toros: I can’t ignore everything I’ve seen for the past six months.

Briallen: You are the one who followed me out of the castle to question me about all of this, after I resigned. Questioning my honesty about Emma.

Toros: It’s my duty!

Briallen: It’s not my honesty that you’re questioning. I think you’re questioning if you were wrong to abuse Emma based on someone else’s word. Ask yourself, how is there doubt if you know what you saw? There should be no doubt if it were true. Toros stops pacing and drops his arms, staring at Mistress Briallen.

Briallen: I’ve said all I can. I’m leaving now, Prince Toros. I can no longer watch what you and Prince Kellan have done. You tortured and abused her the way someone would treat an enemy, not someone they love. Toros hangs his head. Mistress Briallen picks up her duffle bag, then turns around and walks down the front entrance stairs. Toros lifts his head to watch her leave, he frowns and furrows his brow.

Toros抬起头目送她离开，眉头紧锁，眉头皱了起来。