Toros: Could we have been wrong about Emma and Mara? What if it had been Mara doing it all this time? I need to find out for myself.

Toros握紧拳头，随后坚定地走下楼梯，朝着远离德里文城堡的方向走去。

内景：枫冠学院——校长办公室——上午

Headmaster Branley（男，50岁）坐在他那张镶嵌着木雕的红木办公桌前；桌旁放着一叠卷轴，身后书架 上摆满了装订成皮质书册的典籍。他身着枫冠学院教授的制服，肩上披着一件深灰色短斗 篷，斗篷在锁骨处用一枚银质镂空胸针固定着。就在门打开之际，他正用羽毛笔书写。Toros走 进来，身上穿着德里文家族的便服。

Toros: Headmaster Branley, I demand answers about Emma.

Branley: Of course, Your Majesty. I was sorry to see her go. She was a brilliant student.

Toros: Wait, you know she’s gone?

Branley: I would think you knew. Your mother, the queen, signed the decree herself.

Toros: Why was I not made aware immediately?

Branley: Emma was your mother’s ward, not yours. It was not my place or responsibility to tell you of her transfer.

Toros: And where did she go? How could she just transfer to another academy? There isn’t another academy in Dryven!

Branley: That’s not a question I can answer. You would have to ask the queen.

Toros握紧拳头，随后深吸一口气，努力平复心情。

Toros: What about Mara? Did you ever look into the incident when Emma stole the jewels for the Harvest Offering Tithe and the altercation that happened between the two of them?

Branley: If you remember, Prince Toros, you ordered me not to pursue the matter further, because you had handled it. You said you had already ensured “justice.”

Toros: But what if we were wrong about what happened that day? What if it hadn’t been Emma that stole it?

Branley: If you have any doubts, why don’t you watch the recording on the memory crystal?

内景：枫冠学院——校长办公室——上午——连续

Toros身着德里文家的便服，手中紧握着一块记忆水晶。Headmaster Branley身着枫冠学院教 授的制服，外罩一件灰色肩披风，站在记忆水晶柜旁。Toros注视着水晶上闪烁的影像——当 画面投射在水晶表面时，光线映照着他的脸庞。随着影像在Toros面前呈现，我们听到了Emma 与Mara关于什一税珠宝的争执声。他张着嘴，目瞪口呆地目睹着这一切真实发生的情景。 Emma（旁白）： Mara！把那件什一税珠宝收起来！那是给农民们的！ Mara（旁白）： 除非我先抢到手！ Emma（旁白）： 把它还回来！ Mara（旁白）： 你为什么不过来从我这里拿走它呢？

闪回：

内景：枫冠学院——培训室——下午时段。监控摄像头画面显示，Emma与Mara一同身

着枫冠学院校服出现在枫冠培训大厅内；现场已摆放好用于“丰收什一奉献”活 动的桌椅。Mara手持盛放金质奉献珠宝的金碗朝后方出口跑去，Emma紧随其后。当Mara跑到 门口时，她猛然转身面向Emma，随后用幻术让那碗珠宝出现在Emma手中。Mara随即消失，又从Emma 身后重新出现。此时，Emma手持那碗珠宝转身面向Mara，而Toros与Kellan则冲进房间。

Emma: Mara! Put the tithe jewels down! That’s for the farmers!

Mara: Not if I get it first!

Emma: Give it back!

Toros猛地冲向她，手指带着强劲的力量划出弧线。

Mara: Why don’t you come and take it from me?

Mara: She’s stealing the tithe! Those jewels are for the farmers!

Emma: What? No! I didn’t!

Toros: Emma! Stop! What are you doing? Mara cries on the ground, her hand to her cheek.

Mara: I tried to stop her but she wouldn’t listen, then she hit me! Why would you steal that, Emma? Those jewels are for the farmers!

Toros: How could you do this to us, Emma? After everything we’ve given you!

Emma: No, please. I didn’t do it! You have to believe me.

Toros: Believe you? You’ve literally been caught in the act! Enough, Emma!

内景：枫冠学院——校长办公室——上午

Toros身着德里文家的便服，惊恐地注视着记忆水晶，重温了在Headmaster Branley办公室举行的“收 获奉献税”仪式当天的情景。当听到最后的片段时，他的脸上露出一丝痛苦的神情。随后传来 一阵能量冲击波，紧接着是Emma因剧痛而发出的尖叫声。

Toros: That was the first time I hurt Emma with my magic, and she didn’t even steal the tithe! It was Mara this whole time.

内景：枫冠学院——校长办公室——上午——连续拍摄

Toros身着德里文家的便服，手握着记忆水晶。他显然对刚刚目睹的自什一税之日以来的种种情景感到 十分不安。Headmaster Branley身着枫冠学院教授的制服，披着灰色斗篷，站在Toros身旁，双手叉于 胸前。