Toros: You’ve had the memory crystal from the day of the Harvest Offering Tithe this whole time?

Branley: I had reminded you at the time of the incident about the memory crystal. But you told me that you knew what you saw.

Toros: Mara lied! Emma tried to tell us and we didn’t listen! Oh gods, what else was I wrong about? Toros storms out of Headmaster Branley’s office with the memory crystal.

Emma试图告诉我们，但我们却没听进去！天啊，我还有哪里做错了呢？Toros手持记忆水晶，气冲冲地冲出了Headmaster Branley的办公室。

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——清晨

Toros推开门走进房间，随即冲向正懒洋洋地躺在沙发上的Kellan；两人均穿着德里文家的便服。

Kellan: What’s wrong?!

Toros: Mara lied! She stole the tithe and pinned it on Emma!

Kellan: Don’t tell me you’ve fallen for Emma's lies, too! I won’t believe it. Emma did it!

Toros: I have proof.

Kellan: I won’t watch it! After the faked letters, there’s no way that memory crystal is real.

Toros: I’m going to see mother, she’ll have answers about this.

Toros冲出了门。

Kellan: Wait, Toros!

内景：德里文城堡——Queen Anna书房——清晨

Toros凭自身力量猛力推开Anna的办公室门，导致入口处的彩绘玻璃出现裂痕。他手中握着来自 Headmaster Branley办公室的记忆水晶；片刻后，Kellan跟了上来。Toros与Kellan均穿着德里文家的日常便 服，而Anna则身着一件庄重的淡蓝色丝绸杭绸长礼服外套。

Anna: What do you think you’re doing! Storming into my study like that. Have you no shame? Toros grips the memory crystal and shakes it at her.

Toros抓住记忆水晶，朝她摇晃。

Toros: I need to find Emma and fix this! Tell me where she is.

Anna: I will not. This is your mess, I tried to fix this before she left, but you both refused to be reasonable.

Toros: But I didn’t have proof before!

Anna: And why was Emma’s word not enough for you to listen?

Kellan: Your “proof” is fake anyway, Toros! She must’ve forged that memory crystal! All she wanted was titles and jewels! Toros explodes with anger, unleashing a strike with his magic against Kellan. Kellan stumbles back, his cheek blooming with a red welt. He stares, shocked at Toros. Anna steps in with a finger raised, bright light glowing from her fingertip, stopping them both.

Anna抬手挡在中间，指尖散发出耀眼的光芒，瞬间止住了两人的攻势。

Toros: Emma broke our contract, she gave back all the gifts we’ve given her, even the diadem.

Anna: You two broke the contract by not protecting her. This is your fault.

Kellan: This is your fault, mother! You brought a weak human to live here! Anna erupts with rage, pointing her finger at Kellan and releasing a sphere of brilliant white light.

内景：德里文城堡——Queen Anna书房——清晨——连续

Toros与Kellan正坐在Queen Anna的书房里。门周围的彩绘玻璃已出现裂痕；Toros手持着记忆水 晶，而Kellan的手则贴在脸颊上——那是Queen Anna投向他的一道光芒所致。Toros与Kellan均穿着 德里文家族的便服，而Anna则身着一件庄重的淡蓝色绸缎长礼服外套。Queen Anna的手依然高举 着，指尖仍散发出明亮的光芒；Kellan惊愕地张着嘴，凝视着自己的母亲。

Kellan: You hit me!

Anna: You deserved it for being a stubborn fool. You have both been fools. I warned you two before, you had a chance to fix this, but you've ruined it.

Toros: But how were we supposed to know?

Anna: By listening to Emma! How many times did she try to tell you?

Kellan: She did those things to Mara, mother! She bullied her.

Anna: No, it’s both of you that are the bullies. Mara crafted the lies, and you carried out the punishment… against the wrong person.

Toros看起来十分懊恼，他皱起眉头，沮丧地点头表示认同。Kellan则摇了摇头、翻了个白眼，坚决表示不愿接受这个真相。