Anna: Think back on how Emma always stood by you. She was always there for you, putting you first before herself. Kellan, when you threw a celebration behind my back, it was Emma that covered for you.

闪回

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——下午

Kellan正在举办一场热闹非凡的派对，与他一同参加的还有几位喧闹的仙族雄性——他们身着干 维恩家的便服，看上去都显得有些凌乱。他们肆意制造混乱，畅饮着，引发了一场大乱。他们随 即发起一场比拼魔法技艺的较量，但这场较量很快便失控了。每位雄性手中都操控着不同颜色的 能量，他们相互挥舞着这些能量束；光之绳索相互碰撞，迸发出火花。Kellan笑着从窗户中召唤出 狂野的藤蔓，这些藤蔓缠绕在其他雄性的手腕上，令他们的能量失控，伴随着噼啪声在房间里飞 舞。一束光击中了一面镜子，继而照在女王的油画上；油画上的金属丝随之断裂，坠落在地。这 股冲击力将他们全部震飞了出去。Emma身着一件兰花粉色彩层连衣裙，匆匆冲了进来。

Emma: Kellan! What happened?

Kellan: Emma! I messed up. What should I do?

Emma: Don’t worry, Kellan, we can fix this.

Kellan: My mother is going to kill me.

闪回

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——下午——连续

Kellan将室外生长的野藤引入室内，这些藤蔓在房间里四处摇曳，从而损坏了他母亲的一幅画作。 几位行为喧闹的雄性仙族也与他一同在场；他们全都穿着德里文式的家居服，显得有些凌乱。他们 肆意饮酒、胡闹不休，弄得满屋狼藉。Emma在一旁协助Kellan，她身着一件兰花粉色彩层连衣裙。

Emma: Your mother is not going to kill you. Let’s fix this. Come on, help me pick this up. Emma helps pull Kellan up off the ground, then walks over to the painting. She has Kellan hold the painting upright while she fixes the wire on the back, working to wrap the wire back in place. Kellan is too drunk to help much, so she manages to get the painting back on the wall without him. She then rushes around the room, cleaning up everything that had been messed up by the boys. Kellan watches sheepishly.

内景：德里文城堡——Queen Anna书房——清晨

Queen Anna与Toros及Kellan交谈。门周围的彩绘玻璃已出现裂痕；Toros手持着记忆水晶，而Kellan 的面颊上留有红痕——那是Toros与Queen Anna击打他的结果。Toros与Kellan均穿着德里文家族的 传统服饰，而Anna则身着一件庄重的淡蓝色丝绸杭绸长礼服外套。

Anna: Remember all the times Emma did something like that for you, she took risks for you even when you were at fault. Kellan frowns and looks down at the floor, considering for a moment.

内景：德里文城堡——Queen Anna书房——清晨——连续

Queen Anna与Toros及Kellan交谈。门周围的彩绘玻璃已出现裂痕；Toros手持着记忆水晶，而Kellan 的面颊上留着一道红痕——那是Toros与Queen Anna击打他的结果。Toros与Kellan均穿着德里文家 族的便服，Anna则身着一件庄重的淡蓝色丝绸杭绸长礼服外套。Queen Anna面向Kellan，而Kellan则低 头凝视着地面，神情困惑且不悦；随后，Anna转而面向Toros。

Anna: Toros, you are my oldest. I expected more of you. You should have been the one to recognize that a kinder approach was needed. Her human frailties were what made her special, but you targeted her for it.

Kellan: She always used her human weakness against us! Anna glares at Kellan.

Anna: You shut up. That’s Mara’s lies again. I thought you would become her mate one day. But now she’s gone. Toros gulps and nods, visibly distraught.

Toros: But if I could talk to her, I can explain the misunderstanding.

Anna: A misunderstanding? Is that what you call repeatedly injuring her?

内景：德里文城堡——Queen Anna书房——清晨——连续

Queen Anna与Toros及Kellan交谈。门周围的彩绘玻璃已出现裂痕；Toros手持记忆水晶，而Kellan的 面颊上留有红痕——那是Toros与Queen Anna击打他的结果。Toros与Kellan均穿着德里文家族的便 服，Anna则身着一件庄重的淡蓝色绸缎长袍。Queen Anna正面向Toros。

Toros: If I had the chance to explain, I could fix this and she can come home.

Anna举起双手，摇了摇头。

Anna: No. There is nothing to explain to her. She knows how you failed to protect her. She is gone. Emma had to protect herself.

Toros: If she’s gone then tell me where she is!

Toros双膝跪地，向母亲苦苦哀求；他紧握着母亲的裙摆，用恳求的目光望着她。

Kellan: Get off the ground, Toros. You’re being as dramatic as Emma.

Toros: Shut up, Kellan! You should be begging, too. Please, mother.