Mara: Please no, Prince Toros. I’m only a maid’s daughter. Please don’t kick me out!

Toros: Get out! Mara cries and scrambles to get out of the sitting room. Toros’s nostrils flare, seething with anger. A messenger walks in, wearing Dryven clothes and a gray travel cloak.

Mara哭着慌忙逃离了客厅。Toros的鼻孔猛地张开，眼中涌起怒火。一名信使走了进来，他身穿德里文的服装，披着一件灰色的旅行斗篷。

Messenger: I bring news, Your Majesty!

内景：德里文城堡——客厅——下午——连续

Toros站在客厅里，身旁站着刚带来消息的信使；Toros身穿德里文家的便服，头发乱蓬蓬的。 信使身着德里文便服，外罩一件灰色的旅行斗篷；Kellan则穿着德里文家的便服跑进客厅。

Kellan: What’s going on?

Toros: Do you have news about Emma?

Messenger: Yes, Prince Toros. Emma has been enrolled at Embermere Academy.

Toros: What!

Kellan: No way. How could she be at Embermere?

Toros: The carriage that took her was an Embermere carriage. She must have gone there.

Kellan: I still don’t believe it.

Messenger: The information is verified, she is there.

Toros: Get the carriage, we’re going to Embermere.

Kellan: What! It’s a three day ride!

Toros: I don’t care. We’re going there, we’re going to apologize, and get her back.

外景：恩贝尔梅尔学院-前门入口-上午

恩贝尔梅尔学院深紫色的校门敞开着，当Emma与Prince Adrian一同走过时，门上闪烁着点点灯光。 校园内有一座大型多层喷泉。Emma和Adrian都穿着恩贝尔梅尔学院的校服：Emma的校服包括一 件合身的靛蓝色马甲——马甲翻领处缀有一颗四角金色星形胸针——搭配一件白色纽扣衬衫、 一条配套的褶皱裙装、一条白色针织及膝袜以及一双金黄色的中筒靴；Adrian的校服则为一 件白色纽扣衬衫配着靛蓝色背心——胸前同样缀有一颗四角金色星形胸针——搭配靛蓝色长裤 和黑色男士正装皮鞋。Emma对Adrian露出微笑，两人手牵手沉浸在交谈之中，却未察觉到那 辆德里文家族的马车正疾速驶向他们。Toros与Kellan的马车缓缓停靠，车轮和车身因连续三天 的旅途而沾满污垢。Toros与Kellan跳下车来，身上穿着德里文家的便服，头发也乱糟糟的。托 罗斯一眼认出了Emma，随即跑向她。

Toros: Emma! Emma stops in her tracks and stares in shock and worry as Toros and Kellan run to her. Adrian squeezes her hand. She looks at Adrian, squeezing his hand in return.

Emma猛地停住脚步，惊愕而担忧地望着Toros和Kellan奔向自己；Adrian握住了她的手。她转过头看向Adrian，也握住了他的手作为回应。

Emma: I only need a few moments.

Emma: What are you doing here? You shouldn’t have come.

Kellan: We shouldn’t have come? You shouldn’t even be here!

Toros举起双手，示意Kellan冷静下来。

Toros: What he means is, we’re sorry. We’re here to take you home with us. Everything will be better. We promise.

Emma: You made promises before that you couldn’t keep. Your promises don’t mean anything.

Toros: But, you can’t stay here! Embermere is all wrong for you! Come home to Dryven. We’re your family.

Emma: Family doesn’t make you beg to be believed. Dryven isn’t my home anymore.

Kellan: You can’t be serious! If this is some trick to get us to beg, it won’t work.

Toros: No, this isn’t real. This was all to teach us a lesson, and I get it now. I’ve learned. Now let’s go.

外景：恩贝尔梅尔学院-前门入口-上午时段-连续

Emma站在Toros与Kellan面前，两人正在恩贝尔梅尔学院深紫色校门前争论不休。Toros和Kellan穿着 德里文家族的便服，因经历了三天的马车旅程而显得衣衫不整、神情狼狈；而Emma则身着恩伯米 尔学院的校服。尽管Toros和Kellan的情绪日益激动，Emma仍保持着镇定自若。

Kellan: Emma, enough of this. We came to apologize, now let’s go.

Emma: I’m not going with you.

Toros: Please, Emma. I know we screwed up. I will do better next time. Give me another chance.

Emma: You had too many chances. You always chose Mara’s lies over me.

Toros: Emma, Twilight Court is dangerous, you aren’t safe here. You’re only a fragile human. Monsters come out in the night. You need to come home with us so we can keep you safe.

Emma: And what was happening at Dryven Castle? Monsters come out in the morning, too. Kellan throws up his hands, losing his patience.

Kellan: That’s it, Emma! You’re coming with us!