Toros与Kellan正乘坐着他们的德里文马车。两人身着德里文家族的传统便服——由于经历了为 期三天的马车旅程，他们的衣着显得凌乱不堪，且因被抛落地面而浑身沾满污垢。他们在马车 内发生了争斗：Kellan的面颊上有一处淤青，嘴唇也裂开；Toros的面部一侧则有树枝划出的抓 痕。Toros将一枚记忆水晶递给了Kellan。

Toros: You weren’t willing to watch it before, you have to now. You need to see. Kellan lowers his head, then nods.

记忆水晶发出的光线在他们脸上闪烁；他们正观看来自“丰收什一奉献”仪式的画面——目睹玛 拉正是窃取该物品之人，随后又将此罪名嫁祸于Emma。 Kellan惊恐地张大了嘴巴。Toros从口袋里又掏出一块记忆水晶。

Toros: I took another one from the Living Tree Hallway, and also from Moonshadow Healing Sanctum. The images light up, they see the moment that Mara made the iron hairpin appear, how she cut herself with it and blamed it on Emma. Then they see the moment in the infirmary Mara threatens Emma when Emma is weak and unable to move, then takes her healing tonic and dumps it out.

Kellan: That bitch! It was all Mara!

Toros: She used her skills with glamours to trick us and we fell for it. She tricked us.

Kellan: Emma never did anything against us. She tried to tell us and we never believed her! Kellan hangs his head in despair.

Kellan: We did so many terrible things to Emma.

Toros: It’s because Mara was so thorough with her lies.

快速闪回蒙太奇

内景：枫冠学院—守护树长廊—早晨：Toros用其力量击中了

Emma。

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午

Kellan利用自己的力量将多刺的藤蔓缠绕在Emma身上，将她紧紧勒住，几乎要将她勒死。

内景：德里文车厢——清晨——连续

当下

Toros与Kellan正乘坐着他们的德里文马车。两人身着德里文家族的传统便服——由于经历了为 期三天的马车旅程，他们的衣着显得凌乱不堪；而他们被抛落马车时也弄得浑身脏污。两人在 马车内发生了争斗：Kellan的面颊上有一处淤青，嘴唇也裂开了一道口子；Toros的面部一侧则 因被树枝划伤而留有抓痕。Toros手中紧握着一块记忆水晶。

Toros: We have to go back to Dryven and make Mara pay.

Kellan: She’s going to regret betraying us!

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午

Toros与Kellan冲进训练室，Mara与其他学生一同在场。他们全都穿着枫冠学院的校服。 墙上的武器架上摆放着弓杖与短刀。Kellan站在门口，将一根藤蔓从敞开的拱形窗户中伸入，随后 引导藤蔓缠绕住Mara，以防她逃跑。

Mara: Ow! Prince Kellan! Why are you hurting me? I haven’t done anything! Toros and Kellan reach Mara. Toros’s hands are buzzing with giant spheres of sizzling energy.

Toros: You’ll pay for what you’ve done, Mara!

Mara: I didn’t do anything!

Kellan: Lies!

Toros: Here is the proof that it was you that stole the Harvest Offering tithe! Mara stole our most sacred offering of jewels! She repeatedly used her Fae skills to blame Emma and make Emma look like a bully, when it was Mara all along! Mara lied to the Daybright Fae royals.

学生们低声议论起来。

Student 1: Mara should be expelled for this!

Student 2: Banish her from Dryven! She lied to our royalty!

Mara: No! Emma did it! It’s one of her tricks! Those memory crystals are fake!

Toros: I got these memory crystals from Headmaster Branley, they’re real. It was all you.

Mara: No! It was Emma! She threatened me! It’s more of Emma’s lies!

内景：枫冠学院–培训室–上午–连续

Mara跪在地上。Kellan操控着从窗户伸入并缠绕住她的藤蔓，将她牢牢固定在原地。Toros一手 持着记忆水晶，另一只手上的能量正滋滋作响、迸发出电弧；其他学生也在场；他们全都转而反对Mara。所有人都穿着枫冠学院的校服。墙上的武器架上摆放着长弓和短 刀。

Mara: Emma was the one that did everything. It was all her!

Student 1: Mara should be punished for this! Use your power on her, Prince Toros!

Student 2: Or drown her, Prince Kellan!

Mara: No! I didn’t do anything! I’m only a maid’s daughter, what could I do?

Kellan: What could you do? You could use your powers against us, and you did! You tricked us all and made us believe it was Emma!

Mara: No! She’s lying!

Toros: She’s not even here anymore! Because of you she’s gone!